- Tell me about your self
  Start with your name
  Give your place information
  Education in short
  Job experience in more
  Family details in short
  
Example: my name is Venkata Satya Varaprasad. I like people calling me Satya in short. I live in Hyderabad. I have done my Graduation in BSc Electronics from Kakatiya University, Warangal. I carry  total 13+ years of experience in IT Industry in  Managing, Maintenaing and Supporting IT Network Infrastructure Services.I have worked in different roles like Field Engineer,Technical support engineer, Network support Engineer, System administrator and Technology consultant in different MNC companies like Adecco Flexi, Wipro, IBM and HP. I also worked as Operations Team Lead managing 10 to 15 team members during my work experience.I am currently working as a IT Operations and Service Engineer in Microsoft organization at Hyderabad.I belong to a family of five members including me, My father, Mother, Wife and my six years old son. I have one younger brother and no sisters. My hobbies are listening to music, spend free time with my family memebers, reading IT technical articals,blogs forums and Maintening good health. Thanks, Thats all about me.

- Why do you want to work at our company
  Tell them what you like about the company
  Relate it to your long-term career goals
Example: It is great previlidge for anyone to work in a reputed company like yours. when I read about your company I found that my skills,knowledge are matching your recruitments where I can showcase my technical skills to contribute to the company growth and I also believe that this is the best platform to improve my skills and knowledge to grow in my career.
  
- What are your Strengths
  Adaptability
  Dedication and Hardworking
  Flexibility
  Optimistic
  Self motivated
  Persistence
  Learn from Failures
  collaborate with people very fast.
Example: One of my great strength is as a good problem solver, I have ability to see a situation in different perspectivies, I can get my work done even in difficult obstacles. I am self-motivated and hardworking person with positive attitude towards my career and life. Give some examples for each strength.

- What are your weeknesss
  Straightforward
  Sensitive
  Trust/believe people very quickly
  I can't say no when someone ask for help
  To speak lie is difficult for me
  
Example: I can't say no when somone asks for help and trust/belive people very quickly. I am too much of an perfectionist. I get impatience when team memebers making mistakes and delivering sub standard work, I learnt from past that it is most effective way to approach the team memeber with professionalism and instructive critisism rather than just soon jumping into conclusions.It is very difficult for me to say lies.

Impatience, perfectionist, presentation skills, influencing skills.

- Why should I hire you
  share your knowledge
  Work experience
  Skills related to job
  Career goal
Example: With reference to my work experience, I satisfy most of the requirements for this job. I am sincere with my work and would never let you down in anyway. I promise you will never regret for the decision to appoint me in your organization.

- Tell me what you know about this company
  Study about the company in details
  Do the background work about new projects
  know the names of their owners and partners
  Research about the company current issue
  Update the knowledge about their competitors
Example: It is one of the best fastest growing company in India. The heard from many people that the work environment of the company is very good. People feel very proud about the company as it provides full support to their employees in Professional front. It has many branches across the world so I have good opportunity to show my talent.

- Why are you looking for a job change
  Thanks to previous organisation
  Explain what you learnt from past job experience
  Share your reason for job change 
  Relate to career goals
Example: I am thankful to my previous organization because I have learnt a lot of things from there. According to me changes are necessary to everyone to enhance skills and knowledge for personal and financial growth. My career goals are not matching/in page with the company goals. Your company goals are matching my career goals and I find it is good platform where I can learn and contribute more.

- what are your salary requirements
  Share your expected salary
  Always say as per the company norms for the job
Example: I have total 13+ years of IT industry field experience and relevant experience in Network infrastructure Services.  My Current CTC is 20 Lakhs per annum, salary has never been a big issue for me. Still I am expecting as company's norms as per my designatin,my qualificatin and experience which can help me to maintain the standard of level of my personal and economical needs.

- What are your career goals
  short term goals 
  Long term goals
Examples: My short term goal is to get a job in reputed company where I utilize my skill and improve my career path. My long term goal is to be in a respectable position in that organization.

- Do you have any questions to ask me
  Express Thanks
  Salary Structure
  Job timings
  Job Location
  Overtime allowance if any shifts
  Training Period
  Transport Facility
Example: Thankyou for giving this oppurtunity. I would like to know about the job timings and transport facility. what is the salary scale for this job in your organization.


Transactional analysis by 
I am ok your are ok by  


  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  



